hotline League is brought to you by open
by HP grandpa gonna grab another person
in just a second
Vincent want to ask you something so
before the start of the split I did an
interview with you and I asked you like
okay what's you know you play you have
to go up against TSM what's it gonna be
like what's your relationship with these
guys and you were very different and I
can very polite Eli I'm gonna be like I
just joined I'm gonna meet you for a
second because I'm just talking again
about something
no but we'll get you in a second you
were very polite and and all that but I
feel like there's this really weird
thing that's happening with the players
that left TSM so Peter obviously talked
a lot about how he wanted to beat them
and then eventually was like people
didn't stop talking about this but spend
today like my my interview at the top of
separate is like I I know how TSM is
when they lose and he was talking to
part about this F words because parth
came by I was teasing him that spinet
said this I know how TSM is when they
they lose and I wanted to make them feel
that way and in part was like yeah
that's everybody just gets quiet in the
room and there's just silence sitting
he's like it's exactly how it goes and
then I will ask you about your personal
relationship with any particular player
but I will mention that and the
interview with Holly Hunter said like
I'm on good terms with Vincent but I
don't think he likes me or anything like
that so it was this interesting like and
and they like in the the segment
beforehand before you guys played I
think bjergsen said something like I
know all of his weaknesses I don't think
he's you know he's got a lot of problems
and I'm gonna you know use them or
whatever I know those are a little plate
up but general question is like it feels
as though the players that left TSM
there's like a weird vibe about all this
stuff this is how I feel I'm curious you
know however much you want to talk about
this like how are things with you and
these guys and you do you wish you would
beat them not just because the
competitiveness but also just because I
don't know you didn't get you're not you
don't have the revenge checkbox filled
yet like Sven and was it was the fuck
you to haunt
no it was actually like you if you'll
just think that way out of hand where
when even though when I was on the team
Kevin would always do these like super
troll things and I always be like fuck
he dude so I was just giving a typical
answer and I knew he was streaming and I
was all trading so he sent me this like
really long and heart felt like message
and I know that's not Kevin I know he's
trilling so I just told him to fuck off
so that's it's like I'm on good terms
with TSM at least I hope I am still love
for Dennis I think I'm not sure if he's
just I think he's probably just upset
about how whenever like we didn't
perform all worlds like everyone on red
it was like super quick to just jump the
gun and go like yeah Dennis he he's the
reason why I blah blah blah and people
are getting really mad about that and at
least for TSM when we do lose it feels
really bad because there's an
expectation to win and the room is
silence as par food described where it's
like Jesus Christ guys we lost and it
seems like the world is ending or
someone had just died on the rift but
yeah I just I think in that sense like
it makes Dennis happy that he won
against TSM but I'm sure like I'm pretty
sure that he's soul good friends with
them it's just that there's a
competitive drive to kind of beat the
team that ended up replacing you and I
think a lot of the players on TSM
thought that they were gonna try like
another year where even though they like
messed up like two times that they're
still gonna be another chance but then
it had a like us getting replaced so
yeah everyone just wants to win and even
for me like I don't have any bad blood I
just want to beat em unfortunately we
didn't win and hopefully the next half
of the split yeah
do you whenever hunter said only because
you brought it up do you think hunter
was trawling whenever he said in the
interview with awfully like I don't I
don't think vile Frost like speak the
whole audience was like oh it was I was
just like dear what is going on monster
just places the crowd better dude
everyone seemed like man I have frosted
a monster yeah yeah it's like a master
manipulating this situation I mean when
you take I remember his tweet where he
like took a screenshot of like oh fuck
you and if it was taken out of context
yeah it just seems like holy shit
Vincent someone just sent you this
heartfelt message and you just told ones
it fuck off you're such a mean person
but it's like an insight type of thing
okay inside joke so okay secretly I do
hate Kevin though okay there we go